feat: support custom message for built-in rules (#1834)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/configuration/reference/rules.md

---

- message
- string
- Optional custom message for this rule.

>   Example: `My Error Derscription. {{message}}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Example: `My Error Description. {{message}}`.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand. Is the custom message what goes before {{message}} ? Or do users put the message in the brackets in place of "message"?

Author: >  Is the custom message what goes before {{message}} ?

Yes. The `{{message}}` placeholder is to be replaced by the linter. BTW, users could just put something like `My Custom Message` there without using the `{{message}}` at all. Then, they won't be able to see the default (or the "actual") linter message.

>   The {{message}} placeholder (if provided) gets replaced with the actual message of the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{message}} placeholder renders with the default error message for the rule.  Include the {{message}} placeholder if you want to provide the user with your custom message as well as the default error message for the rule.
```

>   The {{message}} placeholder (if provided) gets replaced with the actual message of the rule.

Reviewer 2: I think this has to be rephrased. cc @Redocly/technical-writers

Reviewer: What is the "actual" message of the rule?

Author: Each rule, when violated, produces an error message. That is what I called the "actual" one. The `message` field allow users to replace the "actual" message with a custom one.
